And we are at war, and that is very clear, so for all of us, we have to protect ourselves
from Satan and the demons, and the spiritual fight is on to the finish.
Working out our salvation with fear and trembling is essential.
Let's open our Bibles to Revelation chapter 12, and let's learn why, what why the devil
is so infuriated, why he hates Jehovah's servants.
We're going to focus first on Revelation chapter 12, but verse 11, verse 11.
And they, that's the anointed remnant, conquered him, that's the devil.
He hates that.
The anointed, conquer Satan, the devil.
They prove him to be a liar, their loyal, their integrity keepers, their conduct, their
words, everything that they do, conquers the devil.
And yet in addition to that, in addition to their faith in the ransom, verse 11 goes
on to say something else, which truly infuriates the devil.
It says, they conquer him by their word of their witnessing, Matthew 24, 14, the preaching
activity, notice, there is a direct connection between conquering Satan and our preaching activity.
That's what he hates, and that is why he relentlessly attacks our preaching
activity and tries to stir up opposition.
He's conquered by means of the preaching work.
But Satan's opposition to our preaching work is nothing new.
Let's open our Bibles to Amos chapter 7, and note some striking similarities between
our day and Amos day, Amos chapter 7.
Now this is when Jehovah God sent Amos to the 10 tribe kingdom of Israel, Jeroboam was
the king, and he put calf worship there in a city called Bethel, and calf worship was
now a part of the religion there at the 10 tribe kingdom.
So now Amos finds himself right in the middle of that situation, but let's see what happens,
how they opposition mounts, and how it's similar in our day, verse 10, Amozaya, the priest
of Bethel.
So Amozaya is the priest of the state religion of calf worship.
Bethel is the center of apostate religion.
What does Amozaya do?
He sends a message to King Jeroboam of Israel.
Notice now how the religious entity Amozaya sends the message to the state over to the government
to King Jeroboam and gets him all worked up.
And he says, Amos is conspiring against you, right in the midst of the house of Israel,
the land cannot put up with all his words, conspiring against Jeroboam.
This was an act of treason.
So you see this lying report when straight to Jeroboam from Amozaya, the priest.
But now see what happens here in verse 11.
He stirs up opposition true, but now notice the three misleading statements of that Amozaya
accuses Amos of.
One, for this is what Amos says, that's not true.
Amos didn't say that.
Amos always said, this is what Jeroboam wants me to say.
This is what Jeroboam commanded me to say.
But Amozaya just says, this is what Amos said, misleading.
Number two, Jeroboam will die by the sword.
Amos never said that.
You see, Amos said that it was Jeroboam's house, his dynasty, or his posterity that would
die.
So again, a misleading, distorted way of presenting matters.
Number three, Israel will surely go into exile from its land, however, Amozaya does not
add that Amos was trying to help people.
Amos was trying to turn people to Jerhovogad, served Jerhovogad, and you'll get a blessing,
do what Jerhovog wants you to do, and you'll have his favor.
So Amozaya doesn't touch that.
He doesn't say anything positive that Amos is doing.
So you see, these are the three things that Amozaya was doing and accusing Amos of.
Three misleading statements, distorted half truths in an effort to get the official
ban on the preaching activity of Amos.
Do we see something similar today?
We note striking similarities between the methods of Amozaya and those employed by the
opposers of Jerhovogad, of Jerhovogad's people.
Just as Amozaya tried to silence Amos, so certain religious leaders today do the same.
They try to block the preaching work of Jerhovogad's servants.
Amozaya falsely accused Amos of treason today.
Some religious leaders falsely accused Jerhovogad's people of being a threat to national security.
Just as Amozaya turned to the king, Jeroboam, to help in opposing Amos, so religious leaders
today are often turned to political allies in an effort to support their persecution
of Jerhovogad's witnesses, striking similarities.
When it comes to the preaching work, you see the devil hates it.
What would Amos do?
What he backed down, what he'd be intimidated, what he'd cower in fear, what he'd run away
from his assignment.
He was just a shepherd boy.
He was a one who took care of figs, and he was a herdsman, and here he's taken from
his little bleak surroundings, and he's put right in the middle of this hotbed of activity
there at Bethel, a post-ate center.
It's interesting that he didn't go off into some area where there were no people, but
he was right there at the nerve center, this little humble modest man.
Amos, we don't know much about him.
He's not impressive, but his message is impressive.
And more importantly, you see how Jehovah emboldened him with his Holy Spirit to be valiant
and courageous in the middle of this situation.
So let's see what Amos says.
What did he do?
Verse 16.
So now here, the word of Jehovah.
Now Amos is saying this to Amos, I hear the word of Jehovah again.
He gives Jehovah all the credit.
It's not me.
It's Jehovah asked me to do this, Amozaya.
It says, if a lion roars, who would not be afraid?
Jehovah speaks, I'm going to spring into action.
So this is the word of Jehovah.
You are saying to me, do not prophesy against Israel, do not preach against the house of
Jacob or the descendants of Jacob, which would have been that ten tribe.
And Amos says, I can't do that.
I cannot stop.
This commission comes from Jehovah God.
Does he cower?
No.
In fact, verse 17, therefore, this is what Jehovah says, Amozaya, your wife will become a prostitute
in the city.
Now, that would mean that his wife would be violated by the soldiers of a conquering
army.
Your sons, your daughters will fall by the sword, you yourself are going to be buried
on unclean land that's outside of Israel.
That's what I have to say.
Checkmate.
It's amazing.
Amos.
Really, when you think about this man and how he just wanted to do Jehovah's work, Jehovah's
will, he was not intimidated.
And neither are we.
When it comes to speaking Jehovah's word, we will not disobey Jehovah God, even in
the lands where we have these modern day Amozaya's fomenting cruel persecution.
Like Amos, we keep on proclaiming, this is what Jehovah says.
Well, Jehovah God tried to help those Israelites.
He tried to help them change their ways.
He used Amos to preach to them.
And today, look at us.
Look at Jehovah's people, earthwide, trying to help people.
And the devil hates this work.
That's the point.
Okay, because it conquers him, the faithful slave is successful.
Look at what the anointed are doing in fulfilling Matthew 24, 14.
What is our role at Bethel?
Why are we talking about this to the Bethel family?
Because we are the support group.
We are kingdom support services.
In any war, in any war, we have to have a supply line.
If that supply line is cut off from the front lines, those front lines people are
in trouble.
And in any war, the idea is to cut off, the enemy wants to cut off that supply line.
Wants to sever the supply line.
It demoralizes the troops.
That's our job.
We are the supply line.
Kingdom support role is vital as we serve at Bethel.
It's a noble, honorable work to help the preaching work continue to move forward.
Now as we look at chapter 4, Jehovah is such a god of kindness and mercy in chapter 4.
Jehovah repeatedly recounts how he tried to help his people.
He sent Amos.
He tries to correct them and chastise them and he sends Amos back over and over again.
And there's this reoccurring theme.
Five times he reminds them how he tried to help them.
And five times you did not come back to me.
You ten tribe kingdom, you did not come back to me.
I tried to help you.
You did not come back to me.
I'm trying to help.
You didn't come back to me.
So there's only one option.
You leave me one decision to make.
It's military confrontation and that's the way it will be in our day.
There's one option.
Military confrontation because people will not come back to Jehovah then what will happen
Chapter 4 verse 12.
Get ready to meet your God.